Learn about chickens for decades
It bounces back, it's all over, we're all over
Humph what a rebel!
It's all your fault
Yes, absolutely not.
How could he be alert?
The first time he came out to punish
There is absolutely no way he can execute the army against Dad
You are scam
You choose to find someone to deliberately call and deceive a man
Ouch, how dare you be stubborn
Dear little masters
Don't worry
What you and I see
Must be in the mood to call the police
What do you mean?
This person is a weight loss lady
No money, no power
It can never be a supreme success
This beast is right
He can't be the police officer's business
You could never have been him
It must have been a coincidence
In my opinion, it may not be possible
It's Jiu Ye's warning
Jiu Ye just called me personally and asked me to handle the matter.
But it took so long
So I made Jiu Ye angry
Yes, yes, yes, it must be so.
Without your ability
Can get past this person to attack our three major families
People are still like this
It was just a coincidence to hear this ahead
coincidentally
Are you pig heads?
That being the case
There is no chance of redemption in all this
As long as we take him down and hand him over to Lord Xuanque
Let him talk to the ninth father, okay?
Then the problem is solved
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that guy
Wait a minute, Lord Xuanque
You begged me to save you, you were wrong.
You are also for the sake of you being my brother
I can forgive you again.
But they are good
You can continue.
After all, the time left for you
Me.
Understand you
This means
I'll show you now
What is true despair?
Somebody grab me and break my limbs
It's going to be a mess with the whole district
I see who dares